SSL Dependency update (#6046)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-secrets/README.md

    .build();
```

### Default SSL library

> All client libraries, by default, use Tomcat native Boring SSL. The Boring SSL library is an uber jar containing bits of linux/mac/windows and provides better performance compared to default jdk SSL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All client libraries, by default, use the Tomcat-native Boring SSL library to enable native-level performance for SSL operations. The Boring SSL library is an uber jar containing native libraries for Linux / macOS / Windows, and provides better performance compared to the default SSL implementation within the JDK. For more information, including how to reduce the dependency size, refer to the [performance tuning](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/wiki/Performance-Tuning) section of the wiki.
```

    .build();
```

### Default SSL library
All client libraries, by default, use Tomcat native Boring SSL. The Boring SSL library is an uber jar containing bits of linux/mac/windows
and provides better performance compared to default jdk SSL.
If you prefer to use default jdk SSL then exclude the  Boring SSL in your pom.xml.

[//]: # ({x-version-update-start;com.azure:azure-security-keyvault-secrets;current})
```xml
<!-- Add KeyVault Secrets dependency without Tomcat Native Boring SSL -->
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.azure</groupId>
    <artifactId>azure-security-keyvault-secrets</artifactId>
    <version>4.0.0</version>
    <exclusions>
      <exclusion>
        <groupId>io.netty</groupId>
        <artifactId>netty-tcnative-boringssl-static</artifactId>
      </exclusion>
    </exclusions>
</dependency>
```
[//]: # ({x-version-update-end})

> 

Author: @JonathanGiles @anuchandy , @srnagar 
Can you review this piece, 
Let me know if I should add something more, 
Will then add it to all track 2 SDKs

Reviewer: With my text changes above, all of this section should be deleted.

Author: done
